GIBSY
    GIt Blogging SYstem

GIBSY is a extremely lightweight blogging system designed to work with a git
repository. 

Dependancies:
    -python2.7
        -FAPWS3
            -libev
    -git

Commands:
    install:
        Installs GIBSY to the current directory. This means it generates 2
        directories based in the current path. The first directory is the blog
        directory <blogname>/ the second directory is the git repo
        <blogname>.git/ Also during this process a basic blog with a minimal
        meta.conf and first.post are pushed to the git repo. The final step of
        the install process is to generate a git hook that restarts the server
        to recieve updates whenever the git repo is pushed to.
    start: 
        start <blogPath> <gitPath>
        Start the web server and begin hosting the blog. 
        the FAPWS3 web server is pretty fast and since all blog posts are just
        text and are loaded into memory the website loads really quickly (or at
        least it did in my simple tests, feel free to prove me wrong).
    stop:
        Exactly as the name entails

Extending GIBSY:
    The code as of 12/4/11 is kinda messy but it will improve as time goes on.
    Most of initial code was written in a 2 day personal hackathon so it is of
    course a bit messy and unorganized, anyway...

    The code comes in server parts:
    
        Install functions:
            All of these functions are used during the install process to set
            everything up. These are all located at the begining of gibsy.py,
            There is a comment in the code splitting the install functions and
            the other stuff

        Post and Blog classes:
            These classes are filled with things to make dealing with the
            blog's data a bit easier. There are definately some inefficencies
            in this code...

        Server class:
            the server class puts everything together. It handles reloading the
            blog, accepting signals, catching exceptions, loading the web
            paths, etc.
        Command section:
            Commands and stuff go here, just the basic logic for accepting
            input and deciding what command function to use.
